Note that shadow DB URL is not required for production (#85)
graphile/migrate: README.md

createdb myapp_shadow --owner=appuser
```

> Export your database URL (you'll need this for all Graphile Migrate commands), shadow database URL (you'll need this for all
> development-based commands - everything **except** `migrate`), and a "root" database URL which should be a superuser
> account connection to any **other** database.

Reviewer: There's a few commands that don't require any of these URLs: `init`, `status --skipDatabase`, `compile`, `completion`. I started factoring this in but it started interrupting the narrative too much; instead I've added this metadata in a called out block quote so people can skip over it.

```suggestion
Export your database URL, shadow database URL, and a "root" database URL which
should be a superuser account connection to any **other** database (most
PostgreSQL servers have a default database called `postgres` which is a good
choice for this).

> Your database URL is needed for most Graphile Migrate commands. The shadow
> database URL is needed for the development-only commands `commit`, 
> `uncommit` and `reset`. The root database URL is needed to drop and
> recreated databases, i.e. for the `reset` command and for commands that call
> it (`commit` and `uncommit`, which reset the shadow database).
>
> **NOTE**: you should not need the shadow database URL or root database URL
> in production (you only need the `graphile-migrate migrate` command in
> production) unless you have actions that need them.
```
